Astro CLI 1.24 release notes and reference documentation (#3423)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-hibernate.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment hibernate"
title: "astro deployment hibernate"
id: astro-deployment-hibernate
description: Hibernate a Deployment.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/term-icon.png' }
---

Hibernate an Astro development Deployment for a set amount of time. Overrides any existing hibernation schedule and sets the Deployment to hibernate for a specific duration or until a specific time. 

## Usage

```sh

> astro deployment hibernate [one of --until/ --for/ --resumeschedule]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment hibernate [one of --until/ --for/ --resume-schedule]
```

> astro deployment hibernate [one of --until/ --for/ --resume-schedule]

Reviewer: Oh this has changed. resume-schedule is now remove-override

> astro deployment hibernate [one of --until/ --for/ --resume-schedule]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
astro deployment hibernate [one of --until/ --for/ --remove-override]
```

```

## Options

| Option                   | Description                                                           | Possible Values                                      |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `-n`,`--deployment-name` | The name of the development Deployment to hibernate.                  | Any valid Deployment name                            |
| `-u, --until`            | Specify the hibernation period using an end date and time.            | Any future date in the format `YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z` |

> | `-d, --for`              | Specify the hibernation period using a duration.                      | Any amount of time in the format `XmYhZm`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-d, --for`              | Specify the hibernation period using a duration.                      | Any amount of time in the format `XhYm`            |
```

[This](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) is what we use internally.

> ParseDuration parses a duration string. A duration string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

But a user should only pass either number of `h`, `m` or both like `2h45m`.

> | `-r, --resume-schedule`  | Remove any existing override and resume regular hibernation schedule. | None                                                 |

Reviewer: Same here. It is just the flag name that changed

> | `-r, --resume-schedule`  | Remove any existing override and resume regular hibernation schedule. | None                                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-r, --remove-override`  | Remove any existing override and resume regular hibernation schedule. | None                                                 |
```
